# airbnb
## Motivation
Nowadays, the usage of accommodation reservation platforms such as Airbnb is increasing. With the growth of the accommodation market, users have more options and users are exploring more options for accommodation. This has made transparency and prediction about the price of the accommodation more important. Reflecting these market trends, the project seeks to provide users and accommodation companies with information about the predicted prices and the factors that influence them. The project aims to meet these users' needs and help hosts efficiently utilize resources and set fair prices.

## Objective	
The main objective of this project is to forecast the price of an Airbnb accommodation through the Airbnb dataset, and to find features that additionally affect the price. It helps market analysis by allowing both customers and hosts to understand the factors that influence the pricing of the accommodation and the forecast prices. It helps customers choose accommodations and helps hosts efficiently operate the accommodations and set fair prices. Information can be provided to customers so that they can determine the average price of similar accommodations based on their accommodation selection conditions and prepare an appropriate budget. The host can provide the information necessary to determine the accommodation to register with Airbnb, and can decide whether to invest or not by calculating the return on investment based on the predicted price. It also helps market by using factors that affect prices.
